DBZ-6424 Add docs for new JmxSignalChannel and JmxNotificationChannel (#4581)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/signalling.adoc

Value = `{"type":"execute-snapshot","data": {"data-collections": ["schema1.table1", "schema1.table2"], "type": "INCREMENTAL"}}`
----

// Type: procedure
// Title: Enabling the {prodname} JMX signaling channel
[id="debezium-signaling-enabling-jmx-signaling-channel"]
== Enabling JMX signaling channel

You can enable the JMX signaling channel by adding `jmx` to the `signal.enabled.channels` configuration property.

Then you need xref:operations/monitoring.adoc[to enable JMX MBeanServer] to expose the signaling bean.

=== Send signal

> First of all, you need to connect to the `MBeanServer` through your preferred tool (i.e. jconsole, JDK Mission Control) , then you need to search for a bean named `debezium.<connector-type>.management.signals.<server>`
> 
> This bean expose the `signal` operation that take in input three parameters:
> 
> p0:: id of the signal
> p1:: type of the signal for example `execute-snapshot`
> p2:: json data field that contains additional information for the specific signal type.
> 
> When the signal type is set to `execute-snapshot`, the `data` field must include the fields that are listed in the following table:
> 
> .Execute snapshot data fields
> [cols="2,2,6",options="header"]
> |===
> |Field | Default | Value
> 
> |`type`
> |`incremental`
> | The type of the snapshot to run.
> Currently {prodname} supports only the `incremental` type.
> 
> |`data-collections`
> |_N/A_
> | An array of comma-separated regular expressions that match the fully-qualified names of the tables to include in the snapshot. +
> Specify the names by using the same format as is required for the xref:{context}-property-signal-data-collection[signal.data.collection] configuration option.
> 
> |`additional-condition`
> |_N/A_
> | An optional string that specifies a condition that the connector evaluates to designate a subset of records to include in a snapshot.
> |===
> 
> The following image shows how to send signal from `jconsole`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure
1. Use your preferred JMX client (for example. JConsole or JDK Mission Control) to connect to the MBean server.
2. Search for the Mbean `debezium.__<connector-type>__.management.signals.__<server>__`.
The Mbean exposes `signal` operations that accept the following input parameters:

p0:: The id of the signal.
p1:: The type of the signal, for example, `execute-snapshot`.
p2:: A JSON data field that contains additional information about the specified signal type.
+
Send an `execute-snapshot` signal by providing value for the input parameters. + In the JSON data field, include the information that is listed in the following table:
+
.Execute snapshot data fields
[cols="2,2,6",options="header"]
|===
|Field | Default | Value

|`type`
|`incremental`
| The type of the snapshot to run.
Currently {prodname} supports only the `incremental` type.

|`data-collections`
|_N/A_
| An array of comma-separated regular expressions that match the fully-qualified names of the tables to include in the snapshot. +
Specify the names by using the same format as is required for the xref:{context}-property-signal-data-collection[signal.data.collection] configuration option.

|`additional-condition`
|_N/A_
| An optional string that specifies a condition that the connector evaluates to designate a subset of records to include in a snapshot.
|===
+
The following image shows an example of how to use JConsole to send a signal:
+
```

Value = `{"type":"execute-snapshot","data": {"data-collections": ["schema1.table1", "schema1.table2"], "type": "INCREMENTAL"}}`
----

// Type: procedure
// Title: Enabling the {prodname} JMX signaling channel
[id="debezium-signaling-enabling-jmx-signaling-channel"]
== Enabling a JMX signaling channel

You can enable the JMX signaling by adding `jmx` to the `signal.enabled.channels` configuration property, and then {link-prefix}:{link-debezium-monitoring}#monitoring-debezium[enabling the JMX MBean Server] to expose the signaling bean.

\\ Title: Using a JMX signaling channel to send signals to {prodname}
[id="debezium-signaling-using-a-jmx-signaling-channel-to-sends-signals"]
=== Sending JMX signals

.Procedure
1. Use your preferred JMX client (for example. JConsole or JDK Mission Control) to connect to the MBean server.
2. Search for the Mbean `debezium.__<connector-type>__.management.signals.__<server>__`.
The Mbean exposes `signal` operations that accept the following input parameters:

p0:: The id of the signal.
p1:: The type of the signal, for example, `execute-snapshot`.
p2:: A JSON data field that contains additional information about the specified signal type.

> +
> Send an `execute-snapshot` signal by providing value for the input parameters. + In the JSON data field, include the information that is listed in the following table:
> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Send an `execute-snapshot` signal by providing value for the input parameters. +
In the JSON data field, include the information that is listed in the following table:
+
```
